    Project: https://codepen.io/CSachs313/pen/Powwjpx?editors=1100
    
    1. What is Semantic HTML? Semantics are basic and describe a "way-of'functoining"
    2. What is HTML used for? website design and other web features
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? attributes are used for links
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? H1 is for the most important heading.  Theoretically, you
    can use this as much as you want, but generally once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes: links and images
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? <header>
    7. What is an id? An ID is a way of specificity, mostly with CSS
    8. What elements can I add an id to? anything, but generally what you want to specifically
    modify in CSS.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? As often as you want
    10. What is a class? A class is a way of organizing code, specifically for CSS.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? anything
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? as often as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? _blank
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? alternate text for an image, if it can't be displayed
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div a section is for grouping, while a div is for organizational and CSS purposes,
    it doesn't group.
    17. What is CSS used for? aethsthetics 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one : ID is for a specific element, while a class can be for multiple.
    You'd use a class to class together, say, a box of text with color, where an ID would be specific to a sentence in that group of text.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human p{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? this grabs a specific element if said element pertains AND is in the parent element
    you could use this, say, for any headers within the .class class
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar a{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector? it classifies a selector if a certain action is present, ex: hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? CAPITALS: uppercase, lowercase:lowercase, capitalize:capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? div{border:1px dotted black}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? */  /*
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? del, and because it's permanent when within the command line
    34. Why should I use version control?  It helps track pervious changes, and prevents contradicting code
    35. How often should I commit to github? All the time
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

    1.  Fork
    2.  Add collaborators
    3.  git clone ""
    4.  cd cloned Project
    5.  git checkout -b "branch name"
    6.  Add any files (touch) and use code . to edit them, save
    7.  git status
    8.  git add .
    9.  git status
    10. git commit -m "Concise and clear message"
    11. git push -u origin branch-name
    12. Go to github and pull request
    13. Change branch to whatever one you're pushing
    14. Add reviewer and change any message info if needed
    15. pull


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? Inline elements no not start a new line, when a block element creates a line break
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? It becomes standalone, and other elements "pretend" it's not there.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? I've found the flex model or flex box model.  From what I've read this allows
    the element to use what it should, with the OPTION of expanding, if need be.
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    Display block: Headers, paragraphs, and divs. Display inline: span, img Display inline-block: button
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?
    The box model can be on any element and consists of the content, then padding, then the border to the element, then margin.
    You can use CSS box-sizing and border-box to fix this, as the box model usually doesn't vibe with what the programmer wants.